Business Wire IndiaHong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation (HKSTP) is hosting Hong Kong Science Park Virtual Career Expo 2021 (the Expo) from 18 March till 24 March 2021, offering a record high number of 2,400-plus I&amp;T jobs, more than double from 2020 in a show of strength for Hong Kong’s thriving I&amp;T ecosystem. The Hong Kong’s largest I&amp;T jobs fair saw 23,000 visitors from 72 regions and 89,000 total pageviews recorded since the launch of the virtual platform today, representing strong interest and broad participation from local and overseas I&amp;T talent. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210318005466/en/  Hong Kong Science Park Virtual Career Expo 2021 featured an interactive virtual platform allowing job seekers and tech companies to meet virtually at Hong Kong’s largest tech jobs fair which sees a record number of 2,400+ job opportunities and 270+ participating firms. (Photo: Business Wire)  This year's Expo featured 100 more participating companies than 2020, with over 270 large corporations, technology companies and startups offering vacancies with strong demand in AI and robotics, biotech, fintech, and data and smart city. Of these positions, 85% were technology and R&amp;D-related roles, such as AI engineers, data scientists, biomedical researchers, software developers, and UX/UI designers. This year’s theme “The Future is Yours„ reflects the once-in-a-generation opportunity for young talent to kick-start a career in innovation and technology, during a time where accelerated digital transformation has impacted all industries and spurred record demand across all sectors for tech talent, data-centric skills and capabilities. Albert Wong, CEO, HKSTP said: “The pandemic continues to pose challenges to various industries, but this year’s record number of job opportunities and participating companies at the Virtual Career Expo proves the strength, resilience and growth opportunity of Hong Kong’s I&amp;T ecosystem. This is a great opportunity for local and global talent to jumpstart their careers in a fast growing and influential sector which will have a pivotal role in creating a better future for us all.„ A stellar cast of industry leaders and young innovators join the seven-day Expo to share views on how I&amp;T will lead the way in shaping Hong Kong for an era of digital business and transform the way we work, live and play. Speakers include: Paul Chan, Financial Secretary, HKSAR Government; Alfred Sit, Secretary for Innovation and Technology, HKSAR Government; Dr Sunny Chai, Chairman, HKSTP; Albert Wong, CEO, HKSTP; Prof Dennis Lo, Associate Dean (Research), Faculty of Medicine, The Chinese University of Hong Kong; Annabel Hua, Executive Director and Senior Vice President, Comba Telecom; Prof Wise Young, Chairman, Mononuclear Therapeutics; Jimmy Tao, Managing Director and CEO, Vitargent; Jonathan Cheung, Co-founder and Co-CEO, Inovo Robotics; and Haoqi Wang, talent of HKSTP Technology Leaders of Tomorrow programme. The Expo is providing an exceptional opportunity for employers to attract worldwide I&amp;T talent. Participating companies can converse with potential hires at their virtual exhibition booths on the interactive platform to hold on-demand live chats, webcasts and presentations. Concurrent to the Expo, HKSTP is launching the second cohort of its highly successful Technology Leaders of Tomorrow (TLT) programme under HKSTP InnoAcademy. In collaboration with over 20 leading corporations, TLT aims to nurture future technology leaders in Hong Kong. The programme offers talent a 2-month HKSTP internship and then a 24-month full-time R&amp;D role at one of the partner companies. TLT is open to applications from March 18 to April 15 for aspiring recent science or engineering university graduates. Hong Kong Science Park Virtual Career Expo 2021 by the numbers:  (As of 18 Mar 3:30pm)  2,400+ job opportunities 270+ tech companies participating 51% companies with offices in GBA and overseas 23,000 visitors from 72 regions 85% jobs in areas of technology and R&amp;D 71% jobs at entry level, 24% at middle level 67% jobs for bachelor’s holders 14% jobs for doctorate holders   About Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation  Comprising Science Park, InnoCentre and Industrial Estates, Hong Kong Science &amp; Technology Parks Corporation (HKSTP) is a statutory body dedicated to building a vibrant innovation and technology ecosystem to connect stakeholders, nurture technology talents, facilitate collaboration, and catalyse innovations to deliver social and economic benefits to Hong Kong and the region. Established in May 2001, HKSTP has been driving the development of Hong Kong into a regional hub for innovation and growth in several focused clusters including Electronics, Information &amp; Communications Technology, Green Technology, Biomedical Technology, Materials and Precision Engineering. We enable science and technology companies to nurture ideas, innovate and grow, supported by our R&amp;D facilities, infrastructure, and market-led laboratories and technical centres with professional support services. We also offer value added services and comprehensive incubation programmes for technology start-ups to accelerate their growth. Technology businesses benefit from our specialised services and infrastructure at Science Park for applied research and product development; enterprises can find creative design support at InnoCentre; while skill-intensive businesses are served by our three industrial estates at Tai Po, Tseung Kwan O and Yuen Long. More information about HKSTP is available at www.hkstp.org.  View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210318005466/en/