Business Wire IndiaMouser Electronics Inc. today released the second installment of the 2021 series of its award-winning Empowering Innovation Together™ program and The Tech Between Us podcast. The series’ second episode, available on the Mouser website, Alexa, Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, iHeartRadio, Pandora and Spotify, explores power management and the potential behind wide bandgap technology. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210526005905/en/  The second installment of Mouser Electronics’ 2021 Empowering Innovation Together program and The Tech Between Us podcast explore power management and the potential behind wide bandgap technology. (Photo: Business Wire)  Each month, the series brings a closer look to industry-changing technologies shaping modern society, and encompasses a timely collection of podcasts, videos, blogs, articles and infographics that center around today’s key tech trends. In this episode, Raymond Yin, Mouser’s Director of Technical Content, is joined by Steven Shackell, ON Semiconductors’ Product Line Manager for Silicon Carbide and Gallium Nitride, for a conversation about current wide bandgap devices. As they define what makes a semiconductor “wide bandgap,„ the pair shares more about the technology’s applications, benefits and limitations for power management design. “This latest installment of the EIT program presents engineers with what the future may hold for power management technology,„ says Glenn Smith, President and CEO of Mouser Electronics. “As demand for energy increases, wide bandgap offers significant opportunities for further improvement in power efficiency, positioning it as the future of semiconductors.„ Future tech topics in the 2021 EIT series following power management will delve deeper into artificial intelligence, automation and more, and review new product technologies like sensors and RF and wireless. The program spotlights various new product developments and unveils the technical developments required to stay up-to-date with new trends in the marketplace. The second installment of the 2021 Empowering Innovation Together program is sponsored by Mouser’s valued manufacturer partners Infineon Technologies, ON Semiconductor and Wolfspeed. Established in 2015, Mouser’s Empowering Innovation Together program is one of the industry’s most recognized electronic component programs. To learn more, visit https://www.mouser.com/empowering-innovation and follow Mouser on Facebook and Twitter. About Mouser Electronics Mouser Electronics, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is an authorized semiconductor and electronic component distributor focused on New Product Introductions from its leading manufacturer partners. Serving the global electronic design engineer and buyer community, the global distributor’s website, mouser.com, is available in multiple languages and currencies and features more than 5 million products from over 1,100 manufacturer brands. Mouser offers 27 support locations worldwide to provide best-in-class customer service in local language, currency and time zone. The distributor ships to over 630,000 customers in 223 countries/territories from its 1 million-square-foot, state-of-the-art distribution facilities in the Dallas, Texas, metro area. For more information, visit https://www.mouser.com/. Trademarks Mouser and Mouser Electronics are registered trademarks of Mouser Electronics, Inc. All other products, logos, and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.  View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210526005905/en/